Docs: Housekeeping matters for DG & UG (#156)
AY1920S2-CS2103T-W12-4/main: docs/DeveloperGuide.adoc

image::UndoRedoState4.svg[]

> Step 6. The user executes `clear`, which calls `Model#commitRecipeBook()`. Since the `currentStatePointer` is not pointing at the end of the `recipeBookStateList`, all recipe book states after the `currentStatePointer` will be purged. We designed it this way because it no longer makes sense to redo the `add n/Chicken Rice ...` command. This is the behavior that most modern desktop applications follow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 6. The user executes `reset`, which calls `Model#commitRecipeBook()`. Since the `currentStatePointer` is not pointing at the end of the `recipeBookStateList`, all recipe book states after the `currentStatePointer` will be purged. We designed it this way because it no longer makes sense to redo the `new n/Chicken Rice ...` command. This is the behavior that most modern desktop applications follow.
```
